One day in a place far, far away, there was an old lad that went to Kwik Trip to pick up some bacon. It was a fine day in the city of Madison. Everybody was out and about even though this deadly disease known as the Coronavirus was among them. This virus is said to kill any and every person that it comes into contant with. However, these Madisonites simply pretended as if this virus did not exist and went about their day. As this lad approached the door, he bright, luminous sign that read "MUST WEAR A MASK". He had never seen such a sign before and was confused at the moment. He doubted whether they would let him in because he did not have a mask on him. All this poor lad wanted was some bacon.

Desperate for bacon, our hungry young friend really wanted his bacon. He decided to ignore the sign and just walk in and grab his bacon. As soon as he stepped in he heard someone loudly clear his throat behind him. He turned and saw a visibly annoyed clerk point standing behind a sheet of plexiglass, and wearing a mask that said "Not today" on it. Not wanting to push his luck our man turned around and left. He paced around outside trying to think of a way to get his bacon. He saw masks for sale through the window, but he didn't want to risk the clerks wrath. An idea jumps into his head. He rips off his shirt and wears it as a mask. He steps through the door way and triumphantly heads for the refrigerated section. This time he hears an even louder cough from behind the plexiglass. He turns and sees the clerk point to a sign that reads "NO SHIRT NO SHOES NO SERVICE"

With a sigh, the young lad retreated from the fine establishment known as Kwik Trip. He hiked back to his apartment simply to retrieve a mask and shirt. It was a treacherous journey, for it was one mile, uphill, in the snow, each way. But he survived. He returned to the kwik trip fully equipped with a mask, shirt, and even a pair of shoes. He bought his pound of bacon, which was only one dollar with his kwik reward sapp. He cooked the bacon and had a luxurious meal. The end.
